Add to CLI 1.3 release notes (#965)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/release-notes.md

### Bug fixes

- Fixed an issue where parsing DAGs during a deploy would kill a local project

> - Fixed an issue where the parse test would fail on DAGs using the `SnowflakeOperator`. Users should delete the test file `.astro/test_dag_integrity_default.py` and run `astro dev init` to get the improved file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where `astro dev parse` failed on DAGs using the `SnowflakeOperator`. If you use the `SnowflakeOperator`, delete `.astro/test_dag_integrity_default.py` from the `tests` directory of your Astro project and run `astro dev init`. This command will create a new file in your project that does not have this issue.
```
